# SJSX - Simple JavaScript XmlDataBinding
/*
 *  (anti)Copyright 2006 til 2022 SJSX - Simple JavaScript Xmldatabinding
 *
 *	gmaximo@gmail.com
 *
 *  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 *  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 *  You may obtain a copy of the License at
 *
 *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 *
 *  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 *  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 *  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 *  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 *  limitations under the License.
 *
 */

What is this?
	The SJSX is a tool to make a XML Data Binding from a schema (XSD) and to generate its representatives 
	classes in Java Script. You can create JS objects from these classes to easily generate a XML structure 
	based in the schema.

Where to start?

(1) Compile And Generate JavaScripts Classes from Schema.

    1. Make sure you have a JDK 1.5.x installed; that
       java[.exe] is on your path and that JAVA_HOME/bin contains
       java[.exe], javac[.exe], and jar[.exe].

    2. Change to the bin folder

    3. Uses SJSXComp.cmd to compile and generate yours JavaScript Classes from a XML schema. 
	
		syntax:
			in win32:
		SJSXComp.cmd [yourschema.xsd] [javascriptdest.js] [enconding]
		
			in Linux:
		./SJSXComp.sh [yourschema.xsd] [javascriptdest.js] [enconding]



		example:

			SJSXComp.cmd MyXML.xsd MyGenJSFromXSD.js UTF-8


		
    4. Copy your generated javascript file and the /js/SJSX_xmlTools.js to your project.
    
(2) Use the generated classes in your project to generate XML messages.

	1. add the javascripts to your web project like this:
	
	<html>
		<head>
			<title>My SJSX Test Proect</title>
	
			<!-- SJSX -->
			<script type="text/javascript" src="SJSX_xmlTools.js"></script>  // the SJSX JS Tools
			<script type="text/javascript" src="MyGenJSFromXSD.js"></script> // the js file generated by SJSXComp
			<script type="text/javascript" src="MyTest.js"></script>         // a js to create the objects
		</head>
		<body>
			... {the html content here}
		</body>
	</html>
		
	2. create a javascript to manipulate and generate objects from the mapped XSD. (MyTest.js):
	   write the code and generate the XML message:
	   
			// generate the object that represent the root node
			var fp = new Xml();
	
			// set a value to a single node
			fp.getCodigoAgencia().setValue("AG0034");

			// manipulate a colection
			var folleto = new Folleto();
			folleto.getCodigo().setValue('88888888');
			fp.getFolletos().addFolleto(folleto); 
			
			// generate the XML message or structure
			var resXML = fp.getXml();
      
This project is a free iniciative of Gustavo Maximo. For contact: gmaximo@gmail.com
Visit: https://gustavomaximo.com
      
